POTABLE BORDER,
REGULAR WATER IT KILLS FOUR TO
SEVEN TEAMS IN 2024 FROM IT'S
FROM UP THERE.
NO I'M ONLY KIDDING.
SHE'S GOT THE BOMB
REVERBERATING.
>> ALL RIGHT.
WE CAN CALL DR. ROCKHALL IF YOU
RECALL.
>> OK, BOARD MEMBER PAUL
DARLING, YOU'RE A BOARD MEMBER.
ROBERT HERE BOARD MEMBER WHO
FLAC HERE BOARD MEMBER
KEVIN COX, BOARD MEMBER DAVID
ANSTRUTHER, STAFF MIKE LEMIEUX
PRESENT AND MIKE REDMAN
PRESIDENT AND JULIETTE HARVEY
PRESIDENT.
OK, WE HAVE A QUORUM OF THREE.
THAT MEANS TO A MAJORITY WE
NEED TO HAVE TWO POSITIVE VOTES
.
CORRECT?
OK, THE FIRST ITEM ON THE
AGENDA IS THE APPROVAL THE
MINUTES FROM THE OCTOBER 17
MEETING.
ANY COMMENTS ON NO MOTION
MOTION TO APPROVE A SECOND VOTE
BEFORE I PASSED THE NEXT ITEM
ON THE AGENDA IS APPEAL'S
ACTIONS.
THE CHOKEHOLD HEARING HAVE ONE
APPEAL TODAY AND IT'S AT PVA
TWENTY 007 APPEAL WORLD WAR ONE
THEN DRIVE TO OJU IN MICHIGAN
.
IF THE AFRICANS HEAR YOU CAN
COME UP AND STATE YOUR NAME AND
SIGN IN AND I'LL TELL YOU A
LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE PROCESS I
GOT PART.
OK, SO HOW WAS WILL HAVE THE
STAFF MAKE HIS REPORT OF THE
SUMMARY AND THEN YOU CAN
PRESENT YOUR CASE OR YOUR
SUMMARY SUMMARY WHAT YOU'RE
ASKING FOR AND THEN THE STAFF
WILL HAVE ANY REBUTTAL
OF BATTERY FABRICATION OF THAT
AND THEN THE BOARD WILL ASK YOU
QUESTIONS AND THEN WE'LL MAKE A
MOTION AND VOTE UP OR DOWN THE
PROCESS.
SO YEAH, SO THE PROPERTY AT
TWELVE ONE ISLAND DRIVE IT'S A
MULTIFAMILY BUILDING.
IT'S AN ART TO THE BUILDING WAS
CONSTRUCTED IN NINETEEN SIXTY
FOUR RECENTLY A PLUMBING PERMIT
WAS APPLIED FOR AS A
RESIDENTIAL PROJECT.
THIS WAS DENIED BECAUSE IT WAS
THE WRONG WORD CLASS AND A
COMMERCIAL PLUMBING PERMIT WAS
APPLIED FOR AN ISSUED FOR WORK
DESCRIBED AS A LAUNDRY BOX
INSTALL AT THE APPLICATION
OF THIS PERMIT IT WAS INDICATED
THERE'S A COMMERCIAL
APPLICATION IN THE CONTRACTOR
SHOULD HAVE PROCEEDED USING
CODE REQUIREMENTS FOR THIS
BUILDING TYPE ARE TO THE
PLUMBING INSPECTOR FAILED THE
INSPECTION BECAUSE IT DID NOT
MEET THE MINIMUM STANDARDS
OF THE APPLICABLE CODE WHICH IS
THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE MICHIGAN
PLUMBING CODE .
A CODE COMPLIANT ALTERNATIVE
WAS OFFERED TO THE CONTRACTOR
WHICH WAS TO REMOVE THE
STANDPIPE AND DRAIN THE WASHER
INTO THE LAUNDRY SINK
INFORMATION ON WHAT FIXTURES
WERE CONNECTED TO THIS LINE ON
THE LOWER FLOORS WAS REQUESTED
BUT NOT PROVIDED AS OF TWELVE
THIRTEEN TWENTY FOURTEEN STAFF
RECOMMENDS THIS APPLICATION BE
DENIED AS IT DOESN'T MEET THE
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL BUILDING
AND RESIDENTIAL CODES ARE
STANDARDS ESTABLISHED SPECIFIC
BUILDING TYPES.
THE RESIDENTIAL CODE ONLY
APPLIES TO OUR THREE SINGLE
FAMILY DUPLEXES AND TOWNHOUSES
WHICH IS CLEARLY STATED IN THE
2015 MICHIGAN RESIDENTIAL
CODE .
TWELVE ONE ISLAND DRIVE IS OR
IS NOT OUR THREE PER THE
BUILDING CODE .
IT'S NOT A SINGLE FAMILY
RESIDENCE, A DUPLEX OR A
TOWNHOUSE.
THEREFORE THE TWENTY FIFTEEN
MICHIGAN MRC IS NOT INTENDED TO
BE APPLIED TO THIS BUILDING AT
TWELVE OR ONE HIGHLAND DRIVE
MUST MEET THE PROVISIONS OF THE
MBC CHAPTER TWENTY NINE WHICH
DIRECTS US TO THE MICHIGAN
PLUMBING CODE .
THE APPEAL FOR THIS APPLICATION
OF SECTION P THREE ZERO ZERO
FOUR IN A COMMERCIAL BUILDING
IN PLACE THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE
MICHIGAN PLUMBING CODE SECTION
FOUR HUNDRED SIX POINT TWO NO
INFORMATION WAS PROVIDED ON THE
IMPACT THE REST OF THE PLUMBING
SYSTEM.
THE APPLICANT ALSO INDICATED
THE ASSOCIATION HAS APPROVED
THE INSTALLATION OF WASHERS AND
DRYERS WHICH IF THIS APPEAL IS
APPROVED COULD HAVE COMPOUNDED
NEGATIVE EFFECTS ON THE
PLUMBING SYSTEMS CAPABILITY TO
FUNCTION AS NECESSARY AND SAFE
IN A SANITARY MANNER
.
>> THE MBC NPC PROVIDES
SPECIFIC PRESCRIPTIVE MEASURES
BASED ON THE CONSIDERATIONS FOR
ALL OF THE BUILDINGS TYPES
RESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS LIKE
TWELVE ONE ISLAND
OVERCLASSIFIED ARE TWO.
IF THE INTENT OF THE CODE WERE
TO ALLOW THE EMERGENCY
REQUIREMENTS TO BE APPLIED IT
WOULD BE THE SAME REQUIREMENT
FOR BOTH CODES.
ALSO IF THE INTENT OF THE
CODE WAS TO TREAT TWO
DIFFERENTLY THAN OTHER USES IN
THE MICHIGAN PLUMBING
CODE THERE WOULD BE AN
EXCEPTION LISTED IDENTIFYING
ARE TWO BUILDINGS THE
RECOMMENDATION FOR DENIAL FOR
SEVERAL REASONS TWELVE TO ONE
ISLAND DRIVE TO TOYOTA TO IS
PROPERLY CLASSIFIED AS ARE TO
THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT HAS
REQUIRED THE PROPER PERMIT WORK
CLASS FOR COMMERCIAL BUILDING.
THE PLUMBING INSPECTOR
EVALUATED THE PROJECT USING THE
APPROPRIATE CODE FOR AN HOUR TO
BUILDING.
FINALLY THERE IS NOTHING
PROVIDED THAT DEMONSTRATES THE
IMPACT OF THIS INSTALLATION ON
THE PLUMBING SYSTEM AS A WHOLE
OR BEST AS AN ASSUMPTION.
THE SOLE FUNCTION PROPERLY FOR
UNIT TO GO TO AND NO
CONSIDERATION FOR POTENTIAL
IMPACTS ON THE OTHER UNITS
DOWNSTREAM IN THIS BUILDING.
THANK YOU.
>> YOU CAN TAKE YOUR CASE YET
YOU RE ASKED FOR AS YOU STATE
YOUR THE CODE DOESN'T APPLY IF
YOUR POINT IS BETTER THAN THE
CODE YOU KNOW THOSE ARE THE
PROVISIONS THERE OF VARIANCE
FOR OK WELL SO IT WAS SO I WILL
GET KNOW JUST YOU KNOW I WAS
CAN WHEN YOU WELL YOU KNOW I
CAN'T WORK CONFUSED ABOUT IT
WAS ABOUT THIS YOU KNOW WHAT
PROCESS AND I'LL BE HONEST WHEN
I WHEN I I HAPPEN TO TALK TO
LARRY KRAFT WELL WELL THE
PLUMBING INSPECTOR YOU KNOW
HE'S THE ONE ACTUALLY MENTIONED
YOU YOU KNOW YOU KNOW I SHOULD
ACTUALLY POSSIBLY GO TO THE
APPEALS COMMITTEE BECAUSE WHILE
ONE YOU KNOW, WHILE IN WASN'T
GOING HE HEARS THE CASE AS WELL
THE WAY YOU WAS APPROVING A
WHAT WILL THEY GET ON CERTAIN
PLANES?
IT IS NOT A STANDARD
RESIDENTIAL LIKE YOU KNOW, NO,
NO, NO, NO ONE WHILE NO NORMAL
LAW WASHING MACHINE LIKE IT IS
A YOU PANTLESS DON'T DON'T WANT
YOU KNOW WELL DOUGLAS YOU KNOW
IT IS A HIGH ENERGY AH WELL NO
WELL LOW ENERGY AND HIGH
EFFICIENCY YOU KNOW ACTUALLY
THE CONSUMPTION OF ALL THE WARM
WATER AND SOAP YOU KNOW AND
WILL THEY ALLOW US IS GOING
BELOW IT YOU KNOW I MEAN IT
TAKES HOURS FOR JUST GYMNAST'S
THE SMALL THE LOAD TO BE DONE
IT WELL YOU KNOW THERE'S ONLY
TWO WELL THE ONE ONE IN THE
MCCLAINE OR THAT IS GOING TO BE
GOING ONLY TO WHAT TWO POINT
FOUR CUBIC FEET WILL BEAT.
YOU KNOW IT IS SMALL WELL WELL
YOU KNOW AND IF YOU'VE SEEN
THESE UNITS LIKE YOU KNOW THEY
ARE SMALL UNITS, YOU KNOW,
IT'LL BE GOING TO BATHROOM
WHERE THERE'S THIS ENORMOUS
SINK RIGHT THERE FOR, YOU KNOW,
BRUSHING YOUR TEETH.
IT WILL AND WILL AND WILL THAT
THIS IS WHAT I EXPLAINED TO
LARRY KRAFT AND YOU KNOW WELL
YEAH, NO ACTUALLY WE WERE IN
AGREEMENT BUT LIKE YOU KNOW, I
UNDERSTOOD THE BAND WELL.
CAN WE HAS TO FOLLOW A
CODE THAT IT'S A WRITTEN IT
IT'S JUST AS WHILE THE
ALTERNATIVE THAT YOU GAVE ME
WAS NOT AS WELL.
THERE IS A BOX IN THE WHILE
THAT WE'RE GOING TO DISCHARGE
THAT WHILE WASHING MACHINE.
WELL THEN WE'LL DO THAT.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO CONNECT TO
A THREE PIPE AS WELL AS WELL?
WHAT WILL THERE ISN'T A THREE
INCH PIPE LIKE DIVING AROUND
THE AREA AND I WOULD GET TO GO
LIKE GET ALL WILL DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU KNOW THE LOWER UNIT, YOU
KNOW, OPEN UP THE WALLS AND
WHATNOT OR TO GET TO WHERE WILL
WE GO WHICH YOU KNOW, I GET
WALLAGA ACCEPTABLE.
THE ALTERNATIVE THAT WAS GIVEN
WHAT WAS WELL WELL WAS THAT
WHAT WE DID WHAT WE DID WHAT WE
TAKE THE HEAT ON THE SINK WHEN
WE PUT IN LIKE A NICE LITTLE
LAUNDRY SINK THAT GETS IN 1990
FOSSET BONE WHATEVER.
WELL IN WILL THAT WHILE WASHING
MACHINE WHICH IS DID WHAT WE
DID WELL WHAT YOU KNOW IT WAS
THE BEST CHARGE INTO THE SINK
YOU KNOW THE WELL IT'S THE SAME
AMOUNT OF WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH
WATER BEING WHAT WOULD CHARGED
IT'S NOT YOUR WELL YOU KNOW IT
ISN'T INCREASING IT'S THE YOU
KNOW I MEAN YOU KNOW IT'S THE
SAME AMOUNT OF WATER JUST TO GO
YOU KNOW IT'S GOING INTO A
DIFFERENT YOU KNOW I'LL YOU
KNOW DRAIN AND YOU KNOW I GET
MORE THAT I AM WE'RE NOT
ACTUALLY FIGHTING FOR THE
PLUMBING CODE , YOU KNOW YOU
KNOW I'M NOT ASKING FOR THAT.
YOU YOU KNOW, I WAS UNDER THE
IMPRESSION THAT WELL, WE COULD
ACTUALLY GET RECEPTION MAYBE
YOU KNOW, WELL THEN WELL THEN
IF YOU OR ANYBODY ELSE WOW WOW
WOW.
I WANTED TO DO THE SAME THING.
WELL WITH THE OIL WELL THEN WE
MAKE IT KNOWN THAT YOU GO
THROUGH AN APPEALS PROCESS.
WE SHOW UP, WE EXPLAIN OUR CASE
AND YOU KNOW WHAT IT'LL BE
PRECEDENT FOR YOU KNOW, THE
REST OF THE ELBEL.
I GET IT.
YOU KNOW, I WAS KIND
OF CONFUSED ABOUT THE PROCESS
TILL I READ THE WALL.
I'M WELL, YOU KNOW, I'M A
SUMMARY WITHOUT THAT YOU JUST
READ IT WHEN I WAS YOU EMAILED
A COPY OF THAT LIKE WELL WHAT
DO YOU HAVE IN A FEW HOURS AGO
WHEN I READ IT AND I WAS LIKE
NO, I'M NOT ACTUALLY FIGHTING
AN ACTUAL DEPLOYMENT CODE .
YOU I MEAN I'M NOT IT'S JUST,
YOU KNOW, A REAL WORLD
EXCEPTION THAT ACTUALLY MAKES
SENSE.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, INTELLECTUAL
IS THE NATURE OF WHAT THAT'S
GOING FOR AND YOU KNOW, IF THAT
IS WHAT NOT WHAT THIS OH WELL
THEN WELL THAT SEE WELL THEN I
GET IT YOU KNOW I'M IT COST ME
FIVE HUNDRED BUCKS AND IT'S A
LEARNING
EXPERIENCE AND THEN
YEAH SO THAT'S IT.
OK THANK YOU.
REBUTTAL.
I WAS JUST GOING TO SAY THAT
THE THROUGH THE CODE THE BOARD
HAS THREE WAYS TO APPROVE
ANYTHING THAT'S PRESENTED HERE.
IT'S IF IT THE CODE WAS
MISINTERPRETED WHAT'S BEING
PRESENTED IS BETTER THAN OR
EQUAL TO THE CODE OR THAT IT
DOESN'T APPLY.
SO I WOULD JUST SAY IN THIS
CASE IT SEEMS LIKE YOU WERE
TRYING TO PRESENT THAT WHAT
WHAT YOU HAVE THERE IS EQUAL TO
OR BETTER THAN CODE .
I LIKE THE WAY IT IS.
IT'S LIKE WELL YOU KNOW, I LIKE
TO TALK OK SO I THOUGHT IT WAS
IT'S LIKE WELL YOU KNOW IT IS
YOU KNOW YOU KNOW EQUAL TO IT'S
BUT IT'S WHAT JUST I'M AWARE
REALISTICALLY WELL AS WELL BUT
THERE IS YOU KNOW IN CLIENTS
YOU KNOW IT'S A BOX THAT DOWN
THE GROUND AND I PUT THE
LAUNDRY WHAT DISCHARGE YOU
ACTUALLY BEHIND IT OR FOREST
ATTIC'S LIKE IT'S IN ORDER TO
KEEP YOU WANT THINGS OUT OF THE
WAY THAT THAT THAT THAT YOU
KNOW LET THE BAD OF YOU KNOW
HAVING A HOSE YOU KNOW INTO THE
SINK YOU KNOW YOU KNOW IF IT'S
A HOUSE OR YOU HAVE A
COMMERCIAL BUILDING OR ANYTHING
ELSE I MEAN I'M NOT GOING TO DO
THAT IN THAT WAY, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN I'M NOT IT'S JUST WELL,
I DO HAVE THESE SMALL WOODEN
UNITS, YOU KNOW AND WELL THE
WAY IS YOU KNOW, I'M AN
APPROVED EBOLA WELL, YOU KNOW,
A WELL YOU KNOW A YOU KNOW, I'M
A CERTAIN YOU OR UNIT YOU KNOW,
WHEN IT IS SMALL, YOU KNOW IT
WELL IT WHILE IT IS DOUGLAS I
KNOW THAT YOU KNOW CALL THE
FIRE I'M HERE LIKE YOU KNOW IT
IS ACCUSING A LOT OF POWER.
>> IT'S YOU KNOW IT'S
ESSENTIALLY JUST REFERENCED
SOME CLOTHES AND THEN WE CAN
WEAR DRY.
IT'S NOTHING.
NO, I GET IT.
IT JUST YEAH.
YOU KNOW I MEAN IT'S A REAL
WORLD WORLD WORLD LIKE
APPLICATION.
WELL WELL THAT WHILE THE HLA
WALL WELL THEY HAVE OBVIOUSLY
WELL YOU KNOW ALSO PUT SOME
THOUGHT INTO IS YOU KNOW AS
WELL AND WELL THAT'S WHY WHAT
THEY APPROVED IT YOU KNOW AND
IT'S YOU KNOW I BELIEVE IT'S
THE ATTACHMENT THAT I YOU KNOW
ON THIS SUBMITTED AS WELL OR
WITHOUT THAT THEY'RE UNABLE TO
GO OVER THAT, YOU KNOW, ON A
CERTAIN AMOUNT OF HEAT AND OK,
AND YES, FIRST OF ALL, BY WAY
OF DISCLOSURE, I'M NOT RELATED
TO HEIDI SO I WISH I COULD HOLD
OFF ON THAT.
THE ARE ALL THE SPACES IN THE
CONDO COMPLEX THE SAME THAT ARE
BEING CONVERTED I MEAN WHERE
THEY LIKE POWDER ROOMS OR
CLOSETS OR IN THE WHAT YOU
KNOW, IT'S A BATHROOM SO MOST
OF THE UNITS ARE EXACTLY THE
SAME.
IT'S A SMALL UNIT, A KITCHEN
FAMILY ROOM BEDROOM AND A
BATHROOM AND THE BATHROOM IS A
LITTLE LIKE OVERSIZE WHERE THE
WELL THERE'S THIS LIKE A
BLANKEST BASED ON THE NEXT YOU
DON'T WANT TO THINK WHERE WHERE
IT WHERE WHERE WHERE WHERE THEY
COULD PUT LIKE A SHELF ACTUALLY
OR TOWELS AND THAT'S WHERE
WE'RE PUTTING IT.
DOES THAT BATHROOM HAVE A
TOILET IN IT.
YES.
IS THE TOILET CONNECTED TO THAT
SAME PLUMBING ARRANGEMENT?
YES.
SO I GUESS WHERE I GOT A LITTLE
BIT CONFUSED IN THE PACKAGE WAS
THAT THE PLUMBING INSPECTOR WAS
OFFERING A CODE PAFF TO SOMEHOW
MAKE THIS WORK AND IT HAD TO DO
IT HAD TO DO WITH HAVING A
VACUUM BREAK FROM THE FIXTURE
TO THE DRAINAGE POINT.
BUT IT ALSO HAD A MAXIMUM
CALCULATION OF D.F. USE PER
EIGHT FEET OF DRAINAGE LENGTH.
SO IS THAT EIGHT FEET WITHIN
THE RUN OUT IN THE IN THE SPACE
ITSELF?
IN OTHER WORDS, IF YOU LOOK AT
THE PICTURE THERE'S A THERE'S A
PIPE THAT WILL OBVIOUSLY
CONNECT THE SINK AND THE
WASHING MACHINE AND IS THAT
PIPE ALSO CONNECTING?
IS PROBABLY NOT CONNECTING THE
TOILET RIGHT AT THE TOILET HAS
ITS OWN STAC PROBABLY DOES
BECAUSE IT'S A FOUR INCH I CAN
ANSWER THE YEAH YEAH YES IT'S
ON THE SAME YOU KNOW WHAT
DRAINS DENHA SYSTEM?
IT'S WHAT JUST YOU KNOW HOW WE
WERE ABLE TO ACCESS IT WHILE I
WAS WE WERE CONNECTING TO THE
WALLPAPER.
>> WE'RE WE'RE WE'RE WE'RE WELL
WHICH IS YOU KNOW AND IT'S A
TWO INCH PIPE YOU KNOW AND IN
RESIDENTIAL, YOU KNOW,
CODE WILL THIS ACTUALLY PASSES
FROM WHAT I WAS DOING, YOU KNOW
AND EVEN A LITTLE AREA TESTED
THAT AND HE GOES YES, YOU KNOW,
I GET IT BUT WE'RE IN
COMMERCIAL BECAUSE OF YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY WANT DWELLINGS WELL
AND WELL.
WELL WELL THE ONLY REASON YOU
KNOW IT ISN'T PASSING BECAUSE
YOU ALL THE PEOPLE THAT WE ARE
CONNECTING TO WELL, YOU KNOW,
FOR A WHILE FOR A COMMERCIAL
CODE WHILE WANTS IT MAYBE DON'T
WANT THREE INCH INSTEAD OF TWO
INCH, YOU KNOW, IN ORDER.
WELL, FOR ME TO DO THAT WELL WE
WE WOULD HAVE TO GO TO THE UNIT
BELOW, YOU KNOW, OPEN UP A WELL
YOU MENTIONED YOU KNOW THERE
WELL IN ORDER TAXES YOU KNOW,
CONNECTION WITH THAT YOU KNOW,
OWNERS TO ACTUALLY PIPE WHERE
WHERE WHERE WHERE THERE IS A
WHITE GUY LILY WHITE THREE INCH
ACTUALLY PIPE IT YOU KNOW AND
NEAR THE GROUND YOU KNOW THE
FIRST LEVEL THAT WE WERE WOULD
YOU INCREASE AND BRING IT UP
WHILE BUT THAT'S WHERE THE
PROBLEM LIES AND WE WOULD HAVE
TO GO INTO ANOTHER PERSON'S
RESIDENCE AND AND YOU KNOW AND
DO THAT I'M WORK WELL THAT'S
WHERE THE EXCEPTION KIND
OF CAME.
I WAS, YOU KNOW, ASKING FOR
YES.
NOT VERY PRACTICAL.
NO, IT'S NOT YOU KNOW, IT'S A
REAL WORLD APPLICATION IS WHAT
I'M NOT.
WELL, YOU KNOW, I'M NOT
EXPECTING THIS TO BECOME AN
ISSUE WITH THE WAY YOU KNOW YOU
KNOW, I CAN EVEN BELIEVE IN IT
WHAT TO BE THAT LIKE YOU KNOW,
EVERYBODY ON YOU KNOW, ON THE
SECOND FLOOR UNIT NOW WILL HAVE
TO FILE THE APPEALS CLAIM AND
WANT TO GO THROUGH THIS PROCESS
AND IT MAY OR MAY NOT ACTUALLY
PASS WELL, WELL, WELL, WELL.
BUT WE'RE GONNA BE ABLE TO DO
THIS WHILE YOU KNOW, PRIOR TO
DOING ALL THE WORK I WOULD YOU
WOULD THINK RATHER THAN WOULD
DO THE WORK IF SHE FAILS AND
THEN WE GO THROUGH THE PROCESS
THAT MAKES SENSE.
SO I GUESS IT IS WITHIN THAT I
STILL I GUESS I STILL DON'T
UNDERSTAND WHAT WHAT THE
PLUMBING INSPECTOR WAS WAS
OFFERING AS AN ALTERNATIVE
SOLUTION BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT A
WASHING MACHINE AND YOU'VE GOT
A SINK AND THE TOTAL WAS THREE
DIFFUSE AND THE TOILET IN THAT
SPACE DOESN'T CONTRIBUTE TO THE
LOAD.
IS THAT TRUE?
>> WELL THAT IS CORRECT.
I KNOW THAT YOU KNOW I'M BRANCH
LINE IT DOES NOT KNOW IT DOES
NOT COOK A NOTE TO THAT YOU
KNOW WHAT BRANCH LINE SO YOU
GOT TO THAT ONE BRANCH LINE
THAT HAS THAT DON'T TO GO OK SO
SO THAT EIGHT FOOT LENGTH
OF DRAINAGE PIPE THAT HAS TO
HANDLE THE DISH THE THE WASHING
MACHINE AND THE SINK IS TWO
INCHES.
YES.
AND IT'S ALLOWED EMAX SIX SO I
GUESS I'M NOT UNDERSTANDING WHY
IT'S A PROBLEM BECAUSE THEY'RE
WITHIN THE CALCULATED AMOUNT
FOR THAT LENGTH OF EIGHT EIGHT
FOOT DRAINAGE PIPE
.
>> WHAT CAN I ASK WHAT CAN I
ANSWER THAT THE WORLD YOU KNOW
WELL, THE ONLY REASON IT'S ONE
THAT ACTUALLY BEING ALLOWED IS
WHAT BECAUSE YOU KNOW IT'S IN A
BOOK IT'S CODE LIKE YOU I KNOW
THAT'S A THAT'S A BIG DEAL.
THAT'S THE CRUX OF THE PROBLEM.
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHY WE'RE JUST
UPSET BECAUSE WHAT I'M TRYING
TO GET AT IS I DON'T KNOW THAT
I UNDERSTOOD I MEAN I THINK
PLUMBING INSPECTOR OFFERED A
FIX OR A CODE PATH TO MAKE THIS
WORK.
>> WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND IS
WHY THAT'S HOW HE'S HOW HE'S
COMING UP WITH THE CALCULATION
OR THE OR THE METHODOLOGY
BECAUSE HE'S TALKING ABOUT AN A
PIPE SIZE OF A MINIMUM
PIPE
SIZE PIPE RUN EXCUSE ME
OF EIGHT FEET.
THEY CAN STILL BE TWO INCHES
THAT STILL CAN CARRY THE DFI
REQUIREMENTS AND WHY HE'S
WORRIED ABOUT WHAT'S HAPPENING
ON THE FLOOR BELOW BECAUSE
WOULD SEEM TO ME THAT THAT'S
NOT COMING INTO THE CALCULATION
OR LESS.
I'M I MEAN MAY NOT REALLY BE
UNDERSTANDING WHAT THE ISSUE IS
THERE.
I SO I'M I'M NOT I'M PUTTING
THAT TO THAT BUILDING
DEPARTMENT.
>> YEAH.
I KNOW.
THERE WE GO.
SO I DON'T KNOW FROM FROM WHAT
THE INSPECTOR STATED, I THINK
THAT HIS CONCERN IS ADDITIONAL
UNKNOWNS OF THE PLUMBING SYSTEM
TO SORT OF PUT LIKE A NUTSHELL
IS WE DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE IS
GOING INTO THIS LINE.
THE ONLY THING THAT WAS OPENED
UP WAS THE STUFF ON THE
BATHROOM SIDE OF THIS ONE UNIT.
SO I THINK THAT THAT THAT IS
PART OF THE INSPECTORS CONCERN.
SO THE WAY THE DRAWING LOOKS,
YOU'VE GOT THE WASHING MACHINE
GOING INTO ONE SERVICE THAT
HITS THE STACK.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE SINK IS
ACTUALLY A SEPARATE DRAIN THAT
GOES TO THE STACK AND THEN
YOU'VE GOT TO PUT THE TOILET
SOMEWHERE THAT GETS TO THE
STACK AND IS THERE ANYBODY UP
ABOVE?
>> YOU KNOW, THERE'S ONLY LIKE
TO THE WELL, YOU KNOW, WHEN I
SWEPT BOKAN ON TO THEIR
AIRCRAFT YOU KNOW IT ISN'T
JAMINA CONCERNED WHAT WALWA
ACTUAL THE ALTERNATIVE WHERE HE
SAYS WELL HEY, WHY DON'T YOU
DUMP IT INTO THE SINK?
IT'S FINE AND IT WELL IT'S BILL
YOU KNOW IT WALL THE WALL.
YES.
SO GUESS WITH THE DISCHARGES
GOING TO THE U.N. SAME
LOCATION, THE SAME STACK.
IT'S DUSTY ACTUALLY VIA IT YOU
KNOW A DIFFERENT WAY I THINK
SAME METHOD WITH WHICH DOING
WELL WELL WHICH IS WELL WELL
WHICH YOU KNOW I MEAN IS GUM IN
A BOX AND A WALL WHICH IS LIKE
WELL WHICH IS WHILE IT IS IS
LIKE NO PRETTY AND THE LIKE A
HOSE AND YOU THINK WELL WHICH
IS NOT PRETTY YOU KNOW I WELL I
MEAN THE WAY I UNDERSTOOD IT IS
THAT BY DISCHARGING INTO THE
SINK THERE'S A BIGGER VESSEL TO
HOLD THE WATER TO SLOW THE
DRAINAGE IMPACT AND SO YOU
COULD BE COULD BE COULD BE A
DRAIN IN THE BOTTOM KNOW I MEAN
WELL BECAUSE WELL AND WE'RE NOT
TALKING TO THEM.
DO YOU THINK THAT WE'RE GOING
TO KNEW IT WOULD BE A LAUNDRY
SINK.
SO IT I MEAN THERE ARE MULTIPLE
PROBLEMS HERE.
ONE IS THE CODE IS THE CODE I
MEAN THE BUILDING IS CLASSIFIED
AS AN R TO YEAH.
COMMERCIAL RESIDENTIAL BUILDING
AND THAT'S THAT'S IT.
THERE'S NOTHING THERE'S NOTHING
WE CAN DO TO CHANGE THAT.
YES.
AND THAT COMES WITH ITS OWN
CODE REQUIREMENTS.
THE OTHER PROBLEM IS THERE'S
NOTHING IN IT.
FOR EXAMPLE EVEN IF WE WERE TO
CONSIDER THE UNIT THAT TALKED
THE APPLIANCE THAT THEY'RE THAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT PUTTING IN
IS BEING SOLD THIS SPECIAL LOW
FLOW THING.
THERE'S NOTHING IN THE HOUSE A
LETTER THAT SAYS YOU HAVE TO
USE THIS THIS TYPE OF APPLIANCE
AND THIS ONE ONLY WHICH IS JUST
OK AND AND WHATEVER HAPPENS
HERE OR IN THE FUTURE IS GOING
TO SET THE STAGE FOR ALL THE
BUILDINGS AND ALL THE UNITS
GOING FORWARD.
SO I I GUESS WHERE I'M GOING
WITH THIS IS IF THE IF THE
PLUMBING INSPECTOR OFFERED AN
ALTERNATIVE ARRANGEMENT FORGET
THE ESTHETICS BUT JUST OFFERED
A DIFFERENT ARRANGEMENT THAT
WOULD WORK AND WHAT'S BEING
REQUESTED IS SOME KIND
OF SCHEMATIC THAT JUST SHOWS
WHAT THE PLUMBING CONFIGURATION
IS FROM THE SECOND FLOOR TO THE
FIRST FLOOR IT SEEMS LIKE A WAY
AROUND ALL OF THIS THAT ISN'T
GOING TO, YOU KNOW, PRODUCE A
LOT OF DISTRESS AND HEARTBURN
THROUGHOUT THE THE CONDOMINIUM
GET YOU OVER THE HUMP IN TERMS
OF BEING ABLE TO GET THE WORK
DONE ACCORDING TO CODE .
IF YOU FIND A FIRST YOU KNOW
THERE WAS A WASHER AND DRYER
INSTALLED AND YOU'VE GOT TO GO
OVER THE WALLS, YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT'S GOING ON THERE.
THEY'RE PROBABLY ALL BUILT THE
SAME, YOU KNOW.
YES, WELL THEY ARE THAT'S BY
EXCUSE ME.
>> THAT'S THE OTHER THING
THAT'S ASSUMING THAT WHAT
YOU'RE DOING IN THAT PARTICULAR
UNIT IS REPLICATED ACROSS THE
ENTIRE COMPLEX MAYBE MAY NOT BE
DONE WELL IN WELL THAT'S WHERE
I WELL I DISAGREE WITH WHAT YOU
SAID ABOUT ACTUALLY THE WAY AND
WHAT THEY DON'T DON'T HAVE A
SET THING NATURE WHAT THEY DO
AND I ELECT I HAVE A DOCUMENT
THAT SAID WELL YOU CAN ONLY USE
THIS CUBIC FEET SO THE IS IT IN
THE BEST YOU KNOW, I YOU KNOW
YOU KNOW I'M SO WELL THEY'RE
NOT GOING IN A ROGUE HERE.
THEY LIKE I HAVE VERY YEAH.
YOU KNOW WELL THEY'RE YOU KNOW
I'M IN APPROVALS NOW YOU KNOW
OBVIOUSLY IF WE WERE ON THE
FIRST FLOOR WITH ALL THESE I
WOULDN'T EVEN NEED TO BE HERE
BECAUSE YOU KNOW, IT WOULD BE
APPROVED.
IT'S JUST YOU KNOW WHAT THE SO
WOULD YOU ACTUALLY MY
IMPRESSION OF THIS APPEAL IS
MEETING WAS WELL THERE WELL IS
WELL THERE IS SOME YOU KNOW,
EXCEPTIONS AND REAL WORLD YOU
YOU KNOW AS YOU KNOW
APPLICATIONS YOU I AM NOT HERE
TO CONNECT THE PLUMBING CODE .
YOU KNOW I'M A MASTER PLUMBER.
I LOVE PLUMBING CODE AND I WILL
FOLLOW IT.
IT'S JUST YOU KNOW, WELL THIS
REAL WORLD DENHA APPLICATION IS
ACTUALLY YOU WELL, WELL, WELL
WELL WITH YOU IN CLIENTS WELL
THAT WHERE WE'RE WHERE WELL IT
DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH
THAT CODE LIKE IT'S YOU I'M IN
A DIFFERENT APPLIANCE.
IT'S THAT WELL YOU KNOW I'M
SURE WILL THERE WILL BE AN
EXCEPTION YOU KNOW THE PLUMBING
CODE IN THE FUTURE.
BUT YOU KNOW AT THIS POINT
THERE IS SO WELL SO YEAH I
UNDERSTAND YOU KNOW, I
APPRECIATE YOUR TIME AND AGAIN,
YOU KNOW, IF THERE'S A WAY TO
GET THAT WELL DONE IF NOT I IF
THE GREAT ROCKEFELLER THE
UTILITIES SAID YOU'D BECAUSE
YOU'RE UTILITIES, RIGHT?
YEAH.
AND YOU KNOW AND IT IS LIKE
YEAH YOU KNOW I CAN'T REALLY
SAY ANYTHING ELSE.
I THINK YOU GUYS ARE FAMILIAR
WITH WHAT I ACTUALLY PUT IN AND
WILL SAY YOU KNOW, I HAD A LOT
OF THOUGHT IN THIS WORLD.
THEY REACHED TO ME LIKE IN WITH
SOME CAPACITY AND YOU KNOW I
MEAN I GET YOU MAY HAVE WAS
WELL OVER LIKE GAVE YOU MY
BOUNDARIES WITH YOU KNOW, ONE
WITH THEM AND APPROVALS, YOU
KNOW.
WELL, YOU KNOW, WHO KNOWS?
WELL THEY'RE JUST A LITTLE
LEVEL TALKING TO ENHANCE THEIR
PROPERTIES WELL WITHOUT YOU
HAVING YOU KNOW, ANYTHING
ACTUALLY BULKY AND WELL THAT'S
WHAT IT IS RIGHT NOW.
SO WE YOU KNOW, YOU COULD DRAW
OR HAVE SOMEBODY DRAW THE RIGHT
DIAGRAM IN THE BUILDING.
INTERESTING.
IS THAT HOW YOU WERE MODIFYING
IT THAT WOULD EXPLAIN THE
EXPERIENCE OF THE PROBLEM.
WAS THE FLOOR GOING BELOW?
WAS IMPACTING PLACES TOO, YOU
KNOW?
YEAH, THAT MAYBE YOU'RE
COMPLAINING ABOUT AND TO MAKE
SURE THAT THE APPROPRIATE
CODE IS WHAT'S BEING FOLLOWED.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW WHO COULD
PHYSICALLY DO THAT.
I MEAN YOU COULD DROP THAT OR
IF I WERE YOU KNOW, FAMILIAR I
WAS BORN DOWN THERE AND SAY
HERE'S THE YOU KNOW YEAH I'M AN
ENGINEER DO THAT FOR YOU AND
YOU KNOW WE CAN TABLE THIS YOU
SUBMIT THAT AND THEN WHAT WE
NEED TO GET A VARIANCE THAT
WELL AND YOU KNOW, I DON'T
THINK WE WHAT WE COULD WITHOUT
WE COULD OPEN UP THOSE WALLS
BECAUSE I THINK IT WHEN YOU'RE
JUST YOU KNOW, WHAT GUESSING
AND YOU CAN FIND ONE PERSON ON
THE FIRST FLOOR IT DOESN'T HAVE
TO BE THE UNIT DIRECTLY BELOW.
YEAH.
JASON BUILDING HERE.
WELL, YEAH, I COULD FIND A RARE
REMODEL MAYBE THEY'RE DOING
REMODEL AND THEY HAVE THE WALLS
OPEN BUT ANYBODY THAT DO A
SERVICE ANYBODY IS GOING TO BE
ONE OF THE FIRST FOUR I WANT TO
SURVEY IT SO WE GET THE SECOND
FLOOR UNITS.
>> YEAH YEAH.
AND WELL THAT'S SOMETHING I
WOULD LOVE TO TALK TO THE TWO.
I MEAN AGAIN AS I WELL KNOW
THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE THIS
HAPPEN AGAIN BECAUSE THEY'RE
REMODELING THEY WANTED UPGRADE
BUILDINGS HERE IN APPLIES PLACE
LIKE 15 DIFFERENT BUILDINGS.
THE COMPLEX SO I THINK IT'S
ONLY SIX RIGHT.
I KNOW I'M GUESSING BECAUSE
YEAH.
YOU KNOW AND WELL THERE'S ONLY
A DOOR IT'S SO YOU KNOW, IT'S
ONE THAT LIKE IT'S A HIGH RISE
.
YOU LIKE IT?
YEAH.
THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION
GARAGE THEY HAVE THOSE
INEVITABLE.
>> YOU ALSO LAY OUT AS WELL.
YES.
IT'S PARTS OF WHAT THE RISE
DIAGRAM IS THAT WOULD ANSWER
HIS QUESTION WHAT'S BELOW WHEN
THE WELL BORE AND WHAT I DON'T
EVEN KNOW HOW TO OBTAIN THOSE
SO YOU KNOW I DON'T KNOW.
SO BE LIKE JUST TO ANSWER A
QUESTION ABOUT THE DRAWINGS,
ANYTHING THAT'S AVAILABLE IS
AVAILABLE THROUGH TRACK IT
STREAM OR ON BASE.
SO THERE'S THE ON BASIS SORT
OF ALL HOLDER FILES THAT THE
CITY STILL HAS RECORDS OF .
SO TYPICALLY YOU'D GO IN THERE
AND SEARCH BY THE ADDRESS AND
ANYTHING THAT'S THERE A LITTLE
THANK YOU.
I MEAN THEY MAY HELP YOU MAYBE
YOU GOT A FIFTY CHANCE OF BEING
THERE.
I DON'T KNOW YOU KNOW HARD TO
SAY BUT MAYBE YOU WANT THAT AND
TRY TO FIND WHAT THE DRAWING
WAS AND THEN YOU WOULD HIRE AN
ENGINEER, YOU'D HAVE THE RIGHT
DIAGRAM IS YEAH WELL SO I GUESS
WHERE WE'RE AT IS YEAH WELL WE
WELL WE OBVIOUSLY ALREADY
ACTUALLY PERFORMED WELL THE
WORK AND YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHETHER IT'S HAVING A
TENANT AND WHILE THEY
TEMPORARILY PUT THE ONE WHILE
THE SINK BACK AND IT'S NOT
USABLE AND WHEN NOTHING IS
HAPPENING OUR BUD WHAT WE DO
WANT TO COVER THAT BACK UP AND
WE WANT TO PAINT WE WANT TO GET
ALL THAT DONE FOR THAT TENANT.
SO YOU KNOW, IF WE WERE TO WANT
TO DELAY THIS WHERE I GUESS YOU
FIND PLANS AND PLANS I MEAN,
YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
THAT TAKES.
I DON'T KNOW SO MICHAEL, IS
THERE A WAY IF YOU GO TO PAGE
FOURTEEN IN THE BOOKLET WHERE
LARRY OFFERS A CODE PAT, IS
THERE A WAY TO GET HIM TO BE
BEFORE YOU GO AHEAD AND DO ALL
OF THIS STUFF JUST KIND OF GET
HIM TO SPELL OUT A LITTLE MORE
CLEARLY WHAT IT IS THAT HE'S
LOOKING FOR IN TERMS OF THE
TOTAL DIFFUSE THAT MIGHT BE ON
ON A LINE BECAUSE AGAIN HE'S
REFERENCING YOU KNOW, THAT YOU
CAN ONLY A TWO INCH STACK CAN
ONLY RECEIVE SIXTY F USE IN A
IN A ONE BRANCH INTERVAL.
EVERY EIGHT FEET OF PIPE IS
CONSIDERED A BRANCH INTERVALE.
SO ARE WE TALKING ABOUT THAT
HORIZONTAL RUN WITHIN THE UNIT
IS EIGHT FEET OR THE TOTAL
HORIZONTAL AND VERTICAL RUN
OF A I MEAN BECAUSE IT DOESN'T
IT SEEMS TO ME THAT THAT'S
PROBABLY CONNECTING TO A LARGER
PIPE BUT IF HE WERE IF THE
CONCERN IS THAT THERE'S GOING
TO BE A PROBLEM ON THE LOWER
LEVEL, I THINK HE COULD OFFER A
LITTLE BIT MORE GUIDANCE OR
INTERPRETATION TO WHAT IT IS
THAT HE'S ACTUALLY LOOKING FOR
IN ORDER TO BRING THAT TO SOME
KIND OF RESOLUTION FOR THESE
GUYS.
AND I'D HAVE TO LOOK INTO IT
FURTHER.
BUT I AND MAYBE YOU KNOW, IS
THE REFERENCE MADE TO THAT
CONFIGURATION IS THAT
RESIDENTIAL OR COMMERCIAL IN
THE WELL AS WELL AS THE WELL AS
FAR AS IT WAS FINISHED WITH THE
DIFFUSE IN THE BRANCH LINE AS
WELL THEY ARE BOTH WITH THE
SAME SO ARE WHERE WHERE THIS
ACTUALLY BECOMES AN ISSUE IS
WELL THE WATER KNOW SO WELL THE
VERTICAL PIPE WELL THAT WELL
THIS ONE BRANCH MINE IS GOING
WHAT IS CONNECTING TO YOU ON A
TI OR Y SO YOU KNOW WHERE IT
DROPS ONE DOWN.
WELL SO YOU ON A COMMERCIAL
CODE WILL THEY WANT THAT FROM A
WARBIRD OR TICKLED TO BE LIKE A
THREE ON A RESIDENTIAL YOU
KNOW.
WELL AGAIN YOU KNOW NO IT WAS
NOT MATTER IF IT'S ON ON THE
FIRST THEN ON THE SECOND FLOOR
IT CAN BE EITHER BUT ON A THE
RESIDENTIAL WILL THEY WANT THAT
VERTICAL TO INCH ASSUMING A
MINIMUM YOU KNOW AND WHILE THE
COMMERCIAL THEY WANT THAT THREE
INCH MINIMUM SO WELL AND I'VE
SEEN THAT THAT'S WHERE YOU WANT
ONCE IT COMES THE THE DOWN THE
GROUND IS IT'LL INCREASE RIGHT.
WELL THERE I'M GOING TO CLEAN
IT OUT FOR A PLUG LIKE YOU'RE
ABLE TO CLEAN UP.
SO IN ALL LIKELIHOOD YOU KNOW
AN OUTLINE WELL THAT'S HOW I
UNDERSTAND YOU.
YOU KNOW IF THERE'S A MALE IN A
VACANT UNIT OR HAS BUILT OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT THAT YOU
KNOW, SHOWS THERE'S THAT YOU
KNOW WHAT NUMBER THREE INCH ON
THE GROUND.
I MEAN THE THREE EDGES, THE
RESEARCH OVER THE FIRST FLOOR
FLOOR YOU'RE OK.
WELL, THEY WANT TO TIE AND BE
THREE SO I WOULD STILL HAVE TO
GO INTO THAT A OF ABOUT THE
PLACE NOW WHAT IS THE ONE WHERE
YOU CUT THE DRYWALL OUT AND
INCREASE IT FROM THAT BASE GO
UP TO THREE INCH WITH THAT.
SO YEAH SO IT IS WITH THE REAL
WORLD APPLICATION OF WHAT DO I
MEAN YOU KNOW WHAT DO WE NEED
TO INVADE THAT SPACE YOU KNOW
WHAT SOMEBODY ELSE OWNS AND
THAT OPENS UP A CAN OF WORMS
YOU OR DO WE DO WITH THE REAL
WORLD APPLICATION THAT I MEAN
WELL THAT'S WHERE WE'RE AT IT
WILL END WILL THE ALTERNATIVE
YOU KNOW I UNDERSTAND IT WAS
VERY YOU KNOW, YOU AND I WE'RE
IN AGREEMENT LIKE YOU KNOW WELL
WELL THAT IT ISN'T GOING TO
AFFECT LIKE YOU ACTUALLY THE
PLUMBER IT'S JUST FOR THE
CODE AND YOU CAN'T PASS IT, YOU
KNOW, AND I GET IT AND WELL
THAT'S WHY I THOUGHT WITH
APPEALS AND WELL THAT'S WHAT
YOU GAVE AND I MENTIONED TO ME
WAS YOU KNOW ABOUT WELL WELL
THE BOARD OF APPEALS LIKE
ACTUALLY WELL HEY LIKE YOU
SHOULD YOU KNOW, RIDE THIS HE'S
SEEN, YOU KNOW, OTHER THINGS,
YOU KNOW, GO THROUGH A YEAR AND
AND WELL BUT YOU KNOW YOU KNOW
,THEY MADE MY MOM AND ME I
PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE ASKED YOU
MORE QUESTIONS OR CALL BUT YOU
KNOW, I JUST YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY
FILED AN APPLICATION AND YOU
KNOW, ATTACHED A FEW THINGS AND
SAID OK, COOL, I CAN GET AN
EXCEPTION FROM YOU GUYS BUT AND
YOU KNOW, I GUESS THAT IS NOT
THE CASE AS PART OF THE
INSPECTION WHEN WE FAIL AN
INSPECTION TYPICALLY WILL LET
PEOPLE KNOW OF THEIR RIGHT TO
APPEAL THE DECISION TO THE
BOARD.
OK, JUST BECAUSE IT IS WRITTEN
IN CODE THAT THAT'S AN OPTION
THAT THAT PERMIT HOLDERS HAVE
TO WELL, YOU KNOW, I GET THAT
BUT WELL, LARRY AND I WISH YOU
WAS HERE BUT LIKE I MEAN I'M
NOT GOING TO THROW HIM OUT
OF THERE BUT I'M YOU KNOW YOU
KNOW, HE'S A GREAT INSPECTOR
BUT LIKE YOU KNOW, WE WERE LIKE
NO, I GET IT LIKE WELL SO THE
ALTERNATIVE IS THAT YOU TIE
THAT SAME THING AND YOU DUMP IT
YOU KNOW, INTO IT YOU DON'T
WANT TO THINK IT'S THE SAME
RULES.
IT'S THE SAME YOU KNOW,
DISCHARGE THAT YOU DON'T WANT
DOING ANYTHING OR INCREASING IT
OR ACTUALLY MAKING IT WHERE
IT'S A SAFETY ISSUE IS
BASICALLY A LETTER TO A LAWYER
WHO IS YOU KNOW, THE WALL WILL
CORRECT IN MY WELL IN WELL AND
THEN ACTUALLY MY MIND IT'S YOU
KNOW WELL IT IS A WORLD WORTH
REAL WORLD APPLICATION BECAUSE
WHAT IF YOU DON'T THINK IN
ALONG WITH SOMEBODY YOU WANT
THROWS YOU KNOW PLAYED IN IT
COVERS IT UP A DRAIN IT'S YOU
KNOW, OVER OVERFLOW AT LEAST IN
A BOX IT'S WILD GAME IT CAN'T
BE GET ALTERED OR YOU WANT
TAMPERED IT LOOKS LIKE A BIG
SUCCESS.
YEAH YEAH IT'S THERE I MEAN SO
YES IT'S A REAL WORLD
APPLICATION.
I WOULD LOVE TO GET IT GET A
PAST OR AN EXCEPTION BUT BUT I
GET ONE NOW WE HAVE TO WE NEED
A SUMMARY THAT I'M NOT IN A WAY
ONLY HERE TO CHANGE WITH THE
CODE I REALLY AND WELL THAT'S
WHY I WANTED WASN'T WITH THE
INTENTION SO OK
SO JUST UNTIL I
FIND THE ORIGINAL RIGHT YOU'VE
GOT TO HELP ME.
YOU PROBABLY HAVE TO BELIEVE
THAT THE RIGHT WORD DOWNSTAIRS
IS THIRTY TWO INCHES BECAUSE
YOU SEE IT GOING OUT AS TWO
INCHES.
OH YEAH WELL THE VERTICAL BY
THE VERTICAL DENHA WANT SOME
POINT IT'LL TAKE THREE YOU KNOW
AND IT'S USUALLY AT THE BASE.
YEAH YEAH.
YOU KNOW ABOVE GROUND YOU CUT
IT OFF INCREASE IT AND YOU GO
BUT THE CODE IS REQUIRING ALL
THE WAY FROM THE SECOND FLOOR
FIXTURE DOWN TO THAT POINT
BEING AT THREE YOU TRY NOT TO
MENTION MINE.
YES.
>> LOOK THE WALL YOU KNOW
CRACKED DENHA IN A COMMERCIAL
CODE WILL THAT YOU A VERTICAL
LINE WANTS IT TO BE ON THREE IN
A ROW RESIDENTIAL IT CAN BE TWO
BUT AND WELL THAT'S WHERE I WAS
LIKE YOU KNOW HOPING ORIGINALLY
AND YOU KNOW HOW I YOU KNOW
WHILE YOU PRESENTED IT TO LARRY
,YOU KNOW AND WELL THAT'S WELL
THE ONLY NINET BUT ADDED IN
WITH THE BEGINNING OF MY
APPLICATION WAS ORIGINALLY AND
I APPLIED FOR IT AND THEN WE
STARTED THE WORK AND THEN WE
GOT THE CALL.
NO, NO, NO LIKE THIS ISN'T
RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL AND AND
THEN IT WAS THAT POINT LIKE WE
ALREADY HAD BOTH WAS OUT THERE.
WE WERE GOING SO YOU KNOW I GET
IT AND THEN WELL THAT IS WHAT
THE PROCESS YOU KNOW, I GET
THAT TO ANYTHING THAT WE HAD
DONE THIS IN THE PAST WHERE
IT'S THE CONCERN ABOUT HOW
INCREASINGLY FOCUSED I REFUSE
TO BE TESTED IN A WAR OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
YOU KNOW, COMMISSIONS THE
PROCESS OF THAT.
IT'S BEEN A NUMBER OF PICTURES
ON WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THE RESIDENTIAL
CODE THIS WHY WOULD BE A ONE
AND NOT THE OTHER PICTURE COUNT
HOW TO BUILD NOTHING PICTURED
ABOVE IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
ALL OF THAT SO WE CAN GO LOOK
AT IDENTICAL SAY WELL THERE'S
NO PICTURES ABOVE THIS.
IT'S APPLICABLE FOR WINDOWS BUT
ONLY ONE
STORY OR ANYTHING
ABOUT YOU.
I WOULD I WOULD JUST SAY THAT
THE RESIDENTIAL CODE IS NEVER
IT ISN'T ACCEPTABLE IN A
COMMERCIAL STRUCTURE.
THE THE THE BUILDING CODE AND
THE PLUMBING CODE ARE THE ONES
THAT APPLY TO THAT STRUCTURE.
SO AT SOME POINT THE CODE MUST
HAVE CHANGED BECAUSE IF THERE'S
A TWO INCH STACK THERE NOW YEAH
THAT'S POSSIBLE.
DO THEY HAVE ANY RECOURSE BY
GOING THROUGH THE EXISTING
BUILDING CODE ?
>> I, I THINK YOU WOULD GET
BACK TO THE IF SOMETHING'S
CHANGED THE PORTION THAT'S
CHANGED NEEDS TO BE IN
COMPLIANCE THERE IF IT IF THEY
WEREN'T CHANGING SOMETHING IF
IT WERE IF THERE WERE YOU KNOW
IF THEY'RE REPLACING SAYING WE
WOULD NEVER REQUIRE THEM TO
UPGRADE THE REST OF THE
PLUMBING IF THEY WERE REPLACING
THE TOILET WOULD REQUIRE THAT
WHEN THEY ADD A FIXTURE IT'S A
DIFFERENT I SEE THE
CODE APPLYING DIFFERENTLY IF
THEY'RE ADDING SOMETHING TO THE
SYSTEM.
I THINK I'VE BEEN WATCHING IT.
THAT'S WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY
ABOUT THE PICTURES.
>> WELL, THAT THEY HAVE A SINK
IN THEIR BATHROOM THE WALL.
WELL, NO.
WELL THAT'S ESSENTIALLY WHAT
WILL WHAT WHAT WALL?
WELL WELL WELL THERE IS
OFFERING AS A WORKAROUND IS
THAT I MEAN IT SAY YOU DON'T
WANT TO SINK IN.
YOU JUST YOU DON'T WANT
DISCHARGE YOUR WASHER TO IT AND
YOU KNOW HE'S ABLE TO PASS WELL
BECAUSE YOU KNOW IT'S LIKE A
REGULAR SINK AND WELL THERE'S
AN AIR GAP OR A NEIGHBORING YOU
OR BREAK THERE AND YOU CAN DUMP
WHATEVER YOU WANT IT.
SO YOU KNOW, HOW DOES THAT IS
WILL THAT WORK?
>> SEE, THAT'S THE PART I'M
HAVING TROUBLE WITH.
HOW HOW DOES THAT CHANGE THE
REQUIREMENT FOR THE SIZE OF THE
STACK?
YOU'RE STILL STUCK WITH A THREE
INCH STACK REQUIREMENT, AREN'T
YOU?
AS EXISTING?
>> NO.
WELL, BECAUSE IT'S A SINK SO
THAT IS WHAT IT IS.
AND YOU IN THE COLD LIKE YOU'RE
ABLE TO DISCHARGE A WASHER, YOU
GO TO A SINK.
I THINK THAT'S THE ONLY WORK
AROUND.
IT'S NOT A GREAT EXPLAINER FOR
YOUR QUESTION BUT IT'S NO
EXPLANATION FOR MY QUESTION.
YEAH.
I MEAN AND THAT'S SOMETHING YOU
HAVE TO TALK TO THE PART ABOUT
BECAUSE YOU KNOW, I DON'T SEE
WELL I DON'T SEE WHAT THE
DIFFERENCE WHAT YOU'RE JUST
TAKING WITH THE DISCHARGE AND
PUTTING IT IN SOMEWHERE ELSE.
SO LET'S SIGN IT PASSES LET'S
LET'S I DON'T WANT TO BEAT A
DEAD HORSE HERE BUT LET'S JUST
TAKE THIS ONE ONE MORE TIME.
>> SO IF THEY IF THEY TAKE OUT
A VANITY THING AND THEY PUT IN
A LAUNDRY SINK AND THEY
DISCHARGE THE WASHER INTO THE
LAUNDRY SINK THAT THAT TAKES
CARE OF AT A CODE COMPLIANCE
BUT THEY'RE STILL STUCK WITH
THE THREE INCH STACK
REQUIREMENT.
BUT THAT'S OK.
YEAH, THAT'S WRITTEN IN THE
CODE THAT IT'S ALLOWABLE.
OH BUT HE STILL WANTS TO KNOW
JUST AS A POINT OF INFORMATION
WELL HOW I DON'T THINK HE'D
RATHER HAVE IT IN THE BACK.
SO YOU DON'T SEE THIS UNSIGHTLY
THING BETWEEN TELLING YOU IT
BUT YOU KNOW I UNDERSTAND THAT
BUT THAT'S STILL THAT'S A
WORKAROUND WITHOUT HAVING TO
RIP OUT THE ENTIRE GROUND FLOOR
WALLS AND ALL THAT STUFF.
YEAH.
AND I THINK THAT THAT'S
PRESENTED AND IF I'M CORRECT
THAT'S PRESENTED WELL THAT'S
WHAT HE PRESENTED AS A WORK
AROUND IT.
HE'S STILL IN EVEN SO HE STILL
SAYS HE WANTS TO KNOW HOW MANY
FIXTURES ARE TYING IN TO THE TO
THIS TO THE STACK.
I MEAN HE SAYS SO IN THE YOU
KNOW CORRECT.
AND WHEN I SPOKE TO HIM, YOU
KNOW, IN REGARDS YOU KNOW WELL
WELL WELL WE DIDN'T HAVE A
CONVERSATION ABOUT, YOU KNOW,
ACTUALLY THE DIFFUSE WE JUST
LIKE YEAH.
YOU KNOW, GET IT YOU KNOW IT
WOULD WORK IT WOULD BE
ACTUALLY, YOU KNOW, ONE
FUNCTION BUT I CAN'T PASS IT.
>> OK, SO ONE MORE TIME IF IF A
LAUNDRY TYPE SINK A TUB WASHER
DISCHARGE INTO THE TUB IS AN
ACCEPTABLE WORKAROUND THEN IT
WOULD SEEM TO ME THAT YOU HAVE
AN ALTERNATIVE SOLUTION AND
WHAT YOU WOULD HAVE TO DO IS GO
BACK TO THE HALLWAY AND TELL
THEM THIS IS THE ONLY WAY THAT
THIS WILL WORK WITHOUT HAVING
TO RIP APART EVERYTHING IN THE
COMPLEX TO MAKE IT
CODE COMPLIANT BECAUSE YOU'RE
STUCK WITH ARE TWO BUILDING
CLASSIFICATION BUT I WOULD
STILL EXPECT THAT THERE SHOULD
BE SOME KIND OF A MORE DETAILED
CONVERSATION BETWEEN YOU AND
THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT LARRY
AND MICHAEL TO MAKE SURE THAT
THIS IS EXACTLY GOING TO BE
FINE AND THAT THERE AND HIS
OTHER REQUIREMENTS FOR WANTING
TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING DOWN GOING
ON ON THE LOWER LEVELS DOESN'T
REALLY APPLY.
THAT'S WHAT I'M UNDERSTANDING
FROM ALL OF THIS IS THAT IS
THAT FAIR TO SAY?
YES.
YES, TO ONLY THE SECOND FLOORS
WOULD REQUIRE NO.
YES.
WELL, THAT IS ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT
OF IT.
>> YOU KNOW, YOU'RE EXACTLY
RIGHT.
SO YOUR DAUGHTER TO GET
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW, GET YOUR
WELL, YOU KNOW YOU KNOW, I'M
COMPLAINING ABOVE I GO ARE WE
HAVING TO RIP EVERYTHING OUT?
YOU DON'T WANT THE LOW AND WELL
I MEAN IT IS THE I'M IN A REAL
WORLD, YOU KNOW, THING THAT I'M
GOING TO GET INVOLVED IN.
I THINK THE QUESTION IS THIS IS
MAYBE MAYBE MORE FOR THE WAY IS
WHAT'S MORE IMPORTANT TO THEM
ALLOWING THE TENANTS OR THEIR
OWNERS TO HAVE WASHING MACHINES
OR A MATTER OF SINK ESTHETICS
BECAUSE IN THE IN THE REAL
PRACTICAL WORLD I GUESS YOU
COULD LOOK THE OTHER WAY.
WELL, I GET IT AND I WONDER
WHAT THIS IS WHAT STARTED WORK
KNOW AN HOUR AGO OR WHATEVER IT
WELL WAS.
>> WELL, I DIDN'T REALLY
UNDERSTAND THIS PROCESS.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE ABLE TO GET,
YOU KNOW, EXCEPTIONS IN HERE
WHERE WE COULD APPLY TO THE HRA
OR WHATEVER FOR SECOND FLOOR
UNITS OR WHATEVER.
>> WELL AND WE DO IT ON A CASE
BY CASE AND MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING LINES UP WITH THE
APPLIANCE.
THAT IS NOT HOW I READ THE YOU
KNOW, THE GONE THIS SUMMARY WAS
I AM NOT ONE WANTING YOU KNOW,
I AM NOT WANTING IN ORDER TO
CHANGE ON THE PLUMBING CODE .
IT'S JUST YOU KNOW, ARE WE ABLE
TO HAVE A REAL WORLD EXCEPTION?
WELL THAT'S WHERE I THOUGHT
ACTUALLY THE APPEALS PROCESS
WAS GOING TO HELP AND YOU KNOW,
MAYBE IT DOES YOU KNOW I MEAN
PLEASE YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW
OK, WELL I MEAN ALL THINGS
CONSIDERED I THINK THAT I THINK
THERE'S A VIABLE ALTERNATIVE
SOLUTION FOR YOU.
BUT I ALSO THINK THAT IT
REQUIRES MAKING SURE THAT YOU
GUYS YOU THE AWAY AND THE CITY
ARE ALL ON THE SAME PAGE.
SO I'M GOING TO PROPOSE THAT WE
TABLE THIS UNTIL THAT
CONVERSATION OR THOSE
CONVERSATIONS HAPPEN SO THAT
EVERYBODY'S CRYSTAL CLEAR ABOUT
WHAT THE ALTERNATIVE IS AND
THAT IT'S ACCEPTABLE BECAUSE
YOU'VE GOT A BUNCH OF OTHER
UNITS THAT COULD BE FACING THE
SAME ISSUE AND I DON'T THINK
YOU NOR WE WANT TO GO THROUGH
THIS TO A ONE TIME.
YEAH, NO.
YEAH WELL NO I MEAN I ACTUALLY
MEAN WE'LL BE JOINING THIS
CONVERSATION BUT I WOULD I
WOULD SUGGEST WHEN YOU TALK THE
AGE WAY THAT YOU LIST THE THREE
THINGS THAT WE'RE ALLOWED TO
CHANGE AND WHY WE'RE STUCK
BECAUSE WE CAN'T SEEM TO
THERE'S NO OTHER FOURTH OTHER
OPTION THAT WE CAN SQUEEZE IN.
YEAH, YEAH YEAH.
I GET IT.
YOU KNOW, I JUST GET ON A
CROSSROAD WITH YOU.
I'M INCLINED AT THIS POINT
BECAUSE WE WANT TO WRAP IT UP
AND WE WANT TO UP GET THEM BACK
TO NORMAL BUT WE CAN'T AND YOU
AND I THOUGHT WELL THE
EXCEPTION WOULD NOT OR YOU I
MEAN WHAT THE APPEAL IS WOULD
YOU LIKE TO GRANT SOMETHING
REAL WORLD SO WE COULD ACTUALLY
MOVE PAST IT AND THEN HAVE THE
CONVERSATION?
I DON'T KNOW THE FUTURE OR WHAT
THE WAY I'VE WHAT SO SO I THINK
YOU KNOW, I'M SURE THE NEW
THING SHE'S JUST ACQUIRED WELL
IS WELL THERE IS A PRETTY
OVALAU LAUNDRY ROOM, YOU KNOW,
SINCE I CAN GET IN YOU KNOW
IT'LL WORK IT'LL SUFFICE.
IT'S JUST I MEAN YOU KNOW WHAT
I MEAN WE'RE JUST DENHA
ACTUALLY TAKING IT FROM A BOX
LIKE FOOT AWAY AND PUTTING IT
INTO SOMETHING.
IT'S IT'S THE SAME YOU DON'T
DISCHARGE THE SAME LOAD.
>> IT'S NOT AFFECTING FOOD.
>> YOU HAVE TO REPLACE SOMEONE
MUCH YOU PUT IN OR DO SOMETHING
DESTRUCTIVE TO THE SINK.
NO NO IT'S ESSENTIALLY OH WELL
NO I BETTER THAN CARPET SO IF
YOU GET OVER TO THE FUTURE WELL
THAT'S WHAT WALL WALL LARRY
SAID WELL WHAT I HAD ON THERE
AND SHE CUT IT IN WELL AND THEN
I GRABBED A CAP THAT SHOE
BOUGHT SO IT CAN'T BE WIDELY
USED AND THEN JUST DUMP IT IN
THERE AND I'LL PROVE IT AND
WE'LL WALK PAST IT.
BUT OF COURSE OR THAT'S NOT
WHAT WE WANTED AND THAT'S NOT
WHAT I YOU KNOW WELL WELL THAT
ISN'T WHAT I CALL THE CLIENT
VISION.
IT ISN'T EVEN WHAT YOU KNOW
ACTUALLY THE WAY I WAS
ENVISIONING
YOU FOR A SECOND
UNIT WAS ACTUALLY I WANTED TO
GO INTO THE BOX FOR THE
PRETTINESS AND YOU WHAT
CONCEALING IT?
YEAH, I GUESS YOU CAN SO
SOMETIMES A LOOPHOLE WILL WORK
TO YOUR ADVANTAGE IN THE REAL
WORLD.
WELL IN THIS CASE CAN IT AND I
WOULD JUST SAY THAT I THINK
THAT FROM WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
THE ARGUMENT THEN IS THAT YOU
WOULD HAVE A WAY TO DEMONSTRATE
OR PROVE THAT YOUR
CONFIGURATION IS EQUAL TO OR
BETTER THAN THE CODE YOU KNOW,
OK AND CASTING MERIWEATHER
METHOD IS EQUAL TO HOW YOU
DEFINE EQUAL TO OR BETTER YOU
KNOW, WHATEVER LARRY LIKES AND
I THINK THAT YEAH, I WOULD
ULTIMATELY LIKE BASED ON WHAT
THEY PRESENTED IF THAT WAS THE
ROUTE THAT THIS MEETING WENT
WAS THAT IT WAS EQUIVALENT OR
BETTER AND DOCUMENTATION WAS
PRESENTED FROM AN ENGINEER OR
SOMEBODY ALONG THOSE LINES
STATING THAT, YOU KNOW, THIS
SYSTEM IS CONFIGURED WORKS IN
THE SAME WAY.
>> WELL, YEAH, WELL THAT'S A
GOOD POINT.
YOU KNOW WELL THERE IS YOU KNOW
I MEAN A PART OF YOU ACTUALLY
WITH THE PLUMBING YOU KNOW, A
CODE WHERE LIKE YOU WERE WHAT
ENGINEERING WILL YOU WANT BUT
I'LL YOU HE HAS IT CAN WHAT DO
YOU WANT TO SUPERSEDE WITH THE
PLUMBING CODE ?
I MEAN PRESCRIPTIVE PATH YOU'RE
DOING A PERFORMANCE PRACTICE ON
THE PATH THAT WILL CORRECT BUT
I DON'T KNOW HOW LIKE YOU KNOW
KNOW LIKE DETAIL OF YOU KNOW,
ENGINEERING AND WHAT THAT
ENTAILS.
YOU KNOW I'M DOWN IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
I WAS I WAS JUST SAYING THAT AS
IF WE'RE IF THEY'RE LOOKING IF
YOU'RE LOOKING AT PRESENTING AS
EQUAL TO OR BETTER THAT WOULD
BE AN AVENUE TO MAKE THAT
ARGUMENT.
BUT I WOULD ASSUME THAT THEY'RE
GOING TO WITHIN A STACKED
ARRANGEMENT THEY'RE GOING TO
HAVE A WASHING MACHINE ON THE
FIRST ON THE SECOND FLOOR THE
SAME CONFIGURATION ON THE FIRST
FLOOR TO DO A COMPLETE TEST
BECAUSE I CAN I'M NOT I'M NOT
SAYING IT AS WHAT WHAT WE KNOW
BUT I MEAN IT'S PRACTICAL AS A
PRACTICAL MATTER.
I MEAN IF YOU JUST DO THE
SECOND FLOOR THE NEXT PERSON
THAT COMES IN AND WANTS TO DO
IT ON THE FLOOR BELOW, IS IT
GOING TO BE BACK TO THE SAME
THING AND WHAT IF IT DOESN'T
WORK?
AND I THINK THAT'S WHY IT WOULD
NEED TO BE PRESENTED IN A
HOLISTIC MANNER THAT ADDRESSES
THE PLUMBING.
SO I'M GOING TO GO AHEAD.
BUT WHAT ARE YOU SEEKING
CLOSURE FROM IT THEN YOU CAN
KEEP YOUR VARIOUS OVER MY TABLE
AND MORMONISM OR ALL THE OTHER
UNITS WITHIN THE GROUP ABOUT
TODAY OF NOW OR AT THE TABLE OR
WHEN YOU PUT IT ON THE TABLE
WITHOUT A DATE AND COME BACK
EVEN WHEN TO COME BACK TO A
DATE CERTAIN OR HE MIGHT SAY I
WANT TO KNOW THAT WE OF UP TO
HIM ON THE TABLE OR ALSO I'M OK
WITH THE TABLING OR THERE IS AN
ISSUE WITH THE PLUMBING PERMIT
HAS EXPIRATION DATE.
I JUST GOT THAT ONE ONE ONE
NOTIFICATION.
WELL THAT WILL EXPIRE LIKE IN
JANUARY OR SOMETHING SO YOU
KNOW I DON'T QUOTE ME BUT SO I
WAIT A WHILE SO WELL YOU KNOW
IF WE DO YOU TABLE THIS WELL
WHAT DO WE CLOSE WITH THE
PLUMBING AND HOW DO WE DO THAT
WITH IRRIGATION ME GOING BACK
TO CITY SO SO WITHOUT WITHOUT
THE FINAL INSPECTION WE CAN'T
CLOSE THE PLUMBING PERMIT OUT.
HOWEVER IF YOU SEND ME AN EMAIL
SAYING THE REASON THAT YOU WANT
TO EXTEND YOUR PERMIT I CAN
EXTEND FOR ANOTHER 90 DAYS
BASED ON THAT OK AND THEN WE
WOULD REEVALUATE IF IT NEEDED
TO BE DONE AGAIN.
>> WAH WAH WAH WAH VULNERABLE
THAT ONE DID.
PLEASE ALLOW ME THE ONE TO HAVE
YOU.
WELL YOU KNOW I'M IN A
CONVERSATION WITH THE OWNER AND
IN THE TO TELL THEM ABOUT
EVERYTHING AND THE CODE ALLOWS
ME TO DO THAT JUST AS LONG AS
IT'S IN WRITING.
OK, AND THERE'S A REASON GIVEN
AS TO WHY IT NEEDS TO BE
EXTENDED.
>> WELL YEAH WELL THEN YOU'RE
WELL WELL WELL WELL IT'S OK TO
ANSWER YOUR QUESTION.
WELL THEN YES I WOULD LIKE TO
TABLE THIS I GUESS AND MUST SEE
IF THERE'S A VIABLE WAY TO GET
INVARIANCE OR WAR WHAT AN
ENGINEER MIGHT WANT TO HELP
PRODUCE.
SO LET'S HAVE A CONVERSATION
YOU KNOW AND WHAT ELSE DO YOU
WANT TO PASS IT?
YOU CAN DO THAT.
SO OK INMOTION
MOST OF MOTION
IS TO YOUR TABLE TO TABLE THE
PROPOSAL.
THE DIFFERENCE IS YOU DON'T
WANT THIS KIND COMING BACK
DECADES DECIDE OK OH TIME
BETTER TAKE IT OUT THIRTY OR
WHATEVER OK SO I WOULD SUGGEST
WE TABLE TABLE THE MOTION AND
GIVE THE APPLICANT TIME TO WORK
WITH THE PLUMBING DEPARTMENT
AND TO COME TO AN AGREEABLE
SOLUTION THAT WE CAN ADDRESS
LATER OR NOT AS NEEDED.
DOES THAT MAKE SENSE OR SECOND.
OH IS THAT OH YEAH I SECOND IT
WAS A VERY I MOTION PASSES THE
APPEAL IS TABLED UNTIL WE HAVE
MURMURATION FROM THE ALL RIGHT
THANK YOU.
NO
THE NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA
IS ALL BUSINESS AS YOU KNOW
BUSINESS ANYBODY I HAVE A
LITTLE BUSINESS NO NEXT ITEM IS
NEW BUSINESS.
I NEED YOUR BUSINESS.
I HAVE AN AGENDA AS A GERMAN
MOTION TO MOVE TO A GERMAN
SECOND FAVOR.
I VENTURE THAT TO YOU ON